feat(telemetry): add POST /v1/logs backend ingest endpoint (12.4) (#567)
soliplex/soliplex: docs/log-ingestion.md

      "logger": "HttpClient",
      "message": "GET /api/v1/rooms 200",
      "installId": "inst-abc",
      "sessionId": "sess-def",
      "userId": "u-123",
      "attributes": {
        "http.method": "GET",
        "http.status_code": 200,
        "span_id": "span-abc",
        "trace_id": "trace-xyz"
      }
    }
  ],
  "resource": {
    "service.name": "my-client-app",
    "device.alias": "glad-raven-tundra"
  }
}
```

### Top-Level Fields

| Field | Type | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| `logs` | Array of `LogEntry` | Yes | Log entries. May be empty. |
| `resource` | Object | Yes | Key-value attributes describing the client application. |

### `LogEntry` Fields

| Field | Type | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| `timestamp` | String (ISO 8601) | Yes | Client-side timestamp. |
| `level` | String | Yes | One of: `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warning`, `error`, `fatal`. |
| `logger` | String | Yes | Logger name (e.g., `HttpClient`, `AgentRunner`). |
| `message` | String | Yes | The log message. |
| `installId` | String | Yes | Unique identifier for the client installation. |
| `sessionId` | String | Yes | Unique identifier for the client session. |

> | `userId` | String | No | Identifier for the authenticated user. |

Reviewer: Please let's not add snakeCase in a greenfield thing:

```suggestion
| `install_id` | String | Yes | Unique identifier for the client installation. |
| `session_id` | String | Yes | Unique identifier for the client session. |
| `user_id` | String | No | Identifier for the authenticated user. |
```

and below.
